2082 document featfrontend change streaming rate limit=0 to pause stream instead of disable rate limit (#2111)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/troubleshoot/troubleshoot-oom.md

CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW mv WITH ( streaming_rate_limit = 200 ) AS ...
```

> The parameter [`streaming_rate_limit`](/manage/view-configure-runtime-parameters.md#how-to-view-runtime-parameters) means the maximum number of records per second for each parallelism on each source, where the default parallelism for streaming jobs is the total number of CPU cores across the cluster. For example, assuming a materialized view has 4 parallelisms and 2 sources joining together, each source's throughput will be throttled to `4 * streaming_rate_limit` records/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter [`streaming_rate_limit`](/manage/view-configure-runtime-parameters.md#how-to-view-runtime-parameters) refers to the maximum number of records per second for each parallelism on each source, where the default parallelism for streaming jobs is the total number of CPU cores across the cluster. For example, assuming a materialized view has four parallelisms and two sources joining together, each source's throughput will be throttled to `4 * streaming_rate_limit` records/s.
```

Reviewer: Generally, we want to spell out numbers 0-9, but it's ok to leave is as a numeral in code.
